if there's no waste on a pig this is a
belly a pork is cheap and delicious and
look it's got these wonderful layers of
fat it's packed with flavor
score
season
olive oil garlic
time
so using both sides and lay it on top of
your garlic lets the Bell Airport off
the tray and stops it from drying out
white wine tin foil hot oven 2 hours
look underneath the lovely
gravy deglaze the tray with the white
wine
reduce smell off that is amazing because
garlic's been roasted slowly and it's
got that really nice sweet flavor to it
chicken stock reduce we just smell that
gravy now you know damn well it's gonna
taste magical sieve
push all that garlic through there that
delicious press pork place
another tray on top of that
way down and set it in the fridge chill
six hours
look at that I could take a slice and
actually that coal cut then I little
caramel slices compact full of flavor
and now ready for the oven hot oven 10
minutes
look at those absolute cutest and just
look are the textures and that nice
crispy top
rich sumptuous full of flavor absolutely
delicious
press belly of pork done